feat: add documentation about authentication providers (#3)
ICIJ/datashare-docs: server-mode/authentication-providers/oauth2.md

---
description: OAuth2 authentication
---

# OAuth2

> With OAuth2 you will need an authorization service. The workflow is this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With OAuth2 you will need a third-party authorization service. The diagram below describes the workflow:
```
